BRING IN
THE PUSSY LIGHT.
♪ I COULD TELL
WHEN I LOOK AT YOU ♪
♪ YOU WANNA BE A STAR ♪
YOU GOOD?
♪ YOU WANNA
BE IN PICTURES ♪
♪ YOU WANNA BE FAMOUS ♪
♪ YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE IT BIG ♪
AND...
ACTION.
♪ READY FOR
THE BIG SCREEN ♪
CHINA, GET STARTED.
♪ AND ALL THE WOMEN ♪
AMBER, REALLY
GET INTO IT.
[moans]
GREAT. NOW IN WALKS
THE PRINCIPAL.
YOU READY, MAN,
YOU GOT WOOD?
OKAY, SO AT FIRST,
YOU'RE MAD.
GET IN THERE.
GIRLS, YOU'RE
EMBARRASSED
AND SURPRISED.
NOW YOU'RE HOT.
CHINA, BLOW HIM.
POP ON HER FACE,
GIVE HER A FACIAL,
AND WHEN HE'S DONE THAT,
CHINA,
LOOK UP AND SAY,
"THAT WAS GREAT."
THAT WAS GREAT.
OH, TINA.
OH...
IT'LL TAKE TIME,
BUT WE'LL GET
THROUGH IT.
ALL RIGHT?
WE'LL GET THROUGH IT.
COME ON.
[ TIM ]: SO GLAD
YOU CAME OVER.
SO...I'LL CALL YOU
AFTER CLASS?
OKAY.
HAVE A GOOD DAY.
[ TIM ]: BYE.
BYE, TIM.
OH.
HI...TRISH.
HI.
UM...
I'M JUST ON MY WAY
TO THE GROCERY STORE...
UM, TO GET SOME BREAD...
FOR TOAST.
I'VE, UH...
I'VE FORGOTTEN MY WALLET
AND MY KEYS.
I'M JUST
GOING TO GO GET THEM.
GOOD-BYE.
AND WHEN DOES IT
START PREPPING?
MM-HMM.
GOOD.
[chuckles]
SO WHEN DO I HAVE
TO GO TO VIRGINIA?
THAT'S EXCITING.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT,
THANKS, VAL.
YOU'RE GOING
TO VIRGINIA?
AS THE PERSONAL
FOR DREW BARRYMORE.
IT'S A HUGE FASHION PICTURE,
AND MY BUDGET'S GOING TO BE
THREE TIMES WHAT IT WAS
ON  DARKNESS.
THAT'S
WONDERFUL...
BUT I WISH YOU HAD
DISCUSSED IT WITH ME
BEFORE MAKING
THAT DECISION.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THERE IS TO DISCUSS.
I GOT OFFERED A JOB.
I TOOK IT.
WHAT ABOUT
OUR SUMMER HOLIDAY?
I WAS ORGANIZING
THE HOUSE IN HYDRA.
I NEVER SIGNED OFF
ON HYDRA.
WE TALKED ABOUT IT,
BUT I DIDN'T SAY BOOK A HOUSE.
DID YOU BOOK A HOUSE?
I JUST WANT
TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU.
YOU'VE BEEN HERE SIX WEEKS
OUT OF AN ENTIRE YEAR.
DON'T YOU WANT TO
SPEND TIME TOGETHER?
COME AND BE WITH ME NOW.
COME ON.
NOW, THE FACT IS,
I CAN'T AFFORD
NOT TO TAKE THIS JOB.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW MUCH YOU OWE? HMM?
A LOT.
[laughs]
SWEETHEART...
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
YOUR BEAUTIFUL DREAM.
THEN I HAVE
TO GO TO WORK, DON'T I?
TO TAKE CARE OF YOU.
AND WHILE I'M GONE,
YOU CAN RESUME
YOUR LITTLE THING WITH JENNY.
I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
TO BE HERE WITH ME NOW.
YOU WANT JENNY.
AND HE'S ROUGH,
YOU KNOW?
IT'S, LIKE--
HE FUCKS ME,
YOU KNOW?
IT'S HOT.
YEAH, THAT'S--
THAT'S WICKED HOT.
IT IS.
IT REALLY IS,
BECAUSE THERE'S
NOT THAT,
YOU KNOW, BULLSHIT,
OF, LIKE, YOU KNOW,
I'LL DO YOU,
THEN YOU DO ME,
AND, YOU KNOW,
WE'LL CHECK IN,
HAVE WE HAD EQUAL TIME?
ALL THAT CRAP.
YOU KNOW, AL, JUST BECAUSE
YOU'RE RIDING THE BIG FAT WEENIE
DOESN'T MEAN
THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG
WITH THE WAY
THE REST OF US DO IT, OKAY?
HEY, LOOK, NOW THAT
YOU'RE OUT BIG-TIME,
LET'S GIVE YOU
A MULLET.
WHAT? NO.
YES, COME ON, HOCKEY HAIR.
IT'D BE HOT.
NO!
I DON'T THINK SHE'S READY
TO BE A BULL DYKE, SHANE.
THANK YOU.
OKAY.
THE THING IS,
THOUGH, YOU GUYS,
I'VE, YOU KNOW,
I'VE ONLY
SLEPT WITH HIM,
WHAT, LIKE, FIVE TIMES,
SO IF I'M LATE--
YOU'RE LATE?
FOR MY PERIOD.
I'M SURE YOU LEARNED
IN FIFTH GRADE
THAT THAT'S PART OF
YOUR REPRODUCTIVE CYCLE.
WHOA, WHOA.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
SAYING, THEN?
I'M SAYING,
IF I'M LATE,
IT WOULDN'T
BE ANDREW'S.
WELL, WOULD IT
BE LISA'S?
WOW.
WELL, YOU'D BE THE FIRST LESBO
IN HISTORY
EVER TO PULL THAT ONE OFF.
SHIT.
OH, SO ACCORDING TO THE CAC,
THE WORLD THAT WE LIVE IN
IS A GODLESS ONE.
AND ART REFLECTS THAT.
IT MIRRORS
THE WORLD WE LIVE IN.
DO YOU THINK THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE HOMOSEXUAL
MAKES YOU MORALLY BANKRUPT?
I AM A PERVERT...
AND ONLY A PERVERT
COULD SHOW THIS WORK.
I DIDN'T KNOW
I WAS BEING TAPED.
ANYWAY, THAT IS NOT
WHAT I SAID.
SHE TWISTED IT.
THAT'S WHAT
THEY DO.
AND YOU CAN BE SURE
THAT THIS TAPE
HAS BEEN SENT
TO EVERY
CONSERVATIVE CONGRESSMAN,
ALONG WITH THIS
LOVELY DOCUMENT--
A LIFE-SIZE PAINTING
OF THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES
IN AN S.S. UNIFORM,
JESUS SODOMIZING MARY,
AND THIS IS A DOOZY--
THIS IS A LIVE
PERFORMANCE PIECE.
ARE YOU SURE THIS IS ART?
ABSOLUTELY.
WE PUT IT TO
A VOTE, BERT.
IT'S AN IMPORTANT
EXHIBITION,
AND THE MUSEUM
STANDS BEHIND IT.
OKAY.
YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO LEARN
HOW TO DEAL WITH FAE BUCKLEY.
SHE WAS CAUGHT
OFF-GUARD, BERT.
IT COULD HAPPEN
TO ANYONE.
AS YOUR COUNSEL,
I CAN TELL YOU THAT THEY WILL
TRY AND GET AT YOU
ON LEGAL GROUNDS.
NOW, THE LAW IS PRETTY MUCH
ON YOUR SIDE RIGHT NOW.
HOWEVER,
THE POLITICAL CLIMATE IS NOT.
THERE'S TWO
WAYS TO GO.
ONE, THEY RANT AND RAVE
WHILE WE LOOK THE OTHER WAY.
WE DO NOT ENGAGE.
THAT IS WHAT
WE'VE BEEN DOING,
SITTING WITH OUR HANDS
FOLDED IN OUR LAPS
WHILE THEY CALL US
PORNOGRAPHERS AND PEDOPHILES.
THE OTHER STRATEGY
IS TO MEET THEM HEAD-ON,
DUKE IT OUT.
I WANT TO CHALLENGE FAE BUCKLEY
TO A DEBATE.
THE WOMAN'S A GLADIATOR
IN THE PUBLIC ARENA.
SHE'S BRILLIANT.
SHE PRETTY MUCH ALWAYS WINS.
LET'S DO IT.
FUCK...
WHAT AM I GONNA DO
IF I'M FUCKING PREGNANT?
GET AN ABORTION, AL.
OR GIVE THE BABY
TO BETTE AND TINA.
WHAT, WE'RE ALREADY
LIKE A FAMILY.
IT WOULD BE LIKE THE KID
BELONGS TO ALL OF US.
SO INSTEAD OF
HEATHER HAS TWO MOMMIES,
HEATHER HAS SIX MOMMIES?
NO, BETTE AND TINA
WOULD BE THE MOMS,
BUT WE'D ALL BE CONNECTED
BECAUSE OF HOW IT WENT DOWN--
LOOK, DANA, THIS IS GONNA BE
ENTIRELY NATURAL, OKAY?
OKAY, AS LONG AS IT'S
NOT TOO, LIKE, CRAZY,
OR, YOU KNOW...
ALL RIGHT, OR TOO COOL.
I HEAR YOU.
BUT THINK ABOUT IT.
WE'D BE THE KID'S
EXTENDED FAMILY.
THAT'S A GREAT
IDEA, SHANE.
LOOK, THERE'S NO BIGGER
KARMIC BLESSING
THAN DOING SOMETHING
ENTIRELY SELFLESS
FOR ANOTHER PERSON.
I'M SERIOUS.
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE SUPPORT
FOR ME?
TINA, BETTE WOULD HAVE
HIRED SOMEBODY
TO DO THIS FOR YOU.
I WOULD HAVE
DONE IT FOR YOU.
I'M NOT GOING TO...
COME TO YOUR...
SHOW TONIGHT.
I'M SORRY. I CAN'T.
HEY, IT'S OKAY.
I'M SURE BETTE
WILL COME.
TINA, I WOULDN'T
WANT YOU
TO DO ANYTHING
YOU'RE NOT
UP TO DOING...
BUT DON'T YOU THINK
IT'D BE GOOD FOR YOU
TO GET OUT?
IT'S GREAT.
I LOOK GOOD, RIGHT?
YOU LOOK HOT.
YOU LOOK EXCELLENT.
LOOK AT THIS.
FROM THE NECK UP.
I MEAN, WE REALLY
HAVE TO DO SOMETHING
ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WE'VE GOT TO TAKE HER
TO FRED SEGAL.
I GOT THESE
AT FRED SEGAL.
SHANE...
MADAME CHERIE,
LINE THREE.
SHE REQUIRES
YOUR ATTENTION
IMMEDIATEMENT.
[ HONKING ]
HELLO.
AH. HI.
HI.
WHERE ARE YOU
TAKING ME?
IT'S A SECRET.
OKAY.
LET'S GO.
[chuckles]
WELL?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHY WE'RE HERE.
STEVE AND HARRY OWN
MOST OF THIS BLOCK.
THEY'RE DEVELOPING IT,
AND I'VE CONVINCED STEVE
TO INVEST IN YOU.
SO YOU CAN OPEN
YOUR OWN SHOP.
[laughter]
NO WAY.
WAY. BUT YOU CAN'T TELL HIM
THAT I BROUGHT YOU HERE, OKAY?
ISN'T IT JUST OOZING
WITH POTENTIAL?
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
IT...
I MEAN,
IT'S UN-FUCKING-BELIEVABLE.
I MEAN, I THINK I'D KEEP THIS
LIKE THE OLD BARBERSHOP.
NO BIG RECEPTION DESK
OR ANYTHING.
JUST THE CUTTING STATIONS
RIGHT HERE--
AND THIS COULD BE
THE WAITING AREA
WHERE THEY HAVE SOFAS
AND TABLES.
I SEE IT MID-CENTURY
MODERNE,
KIND OF KITSCHY,
BUT CHIC.
HMM...
I'M THINKING
POOL TABLE...
AND...AND UP HERE,
IT COULD BE THE COLORING
OR SHAMPOO STATIONS.
SHANE...
YEAH?
LOOK AT THIS.
[laughs]
AH, FUCK.
YES, PLEASE.
[ GIGGLES ]
[ GIGGLING ]
I KNOW I WAS ONLY 12 WEEKS...
BUT I FEEL LIKE
I LOST SOMEONE
I WAS WITH MY WHOLE LIFE...
MY BABY BOY.
JUST LAST WEEK,
WE FOUND OUT
THAT IT WAS GOING TO BE
A BOY.
YOU'LL TRY AGAIN.
I KNOW IT'S HARD
TO THINK ABOUT IT
RIGHT NOW,
BUT YOU'LL TRY AGAIN.
I KNOW THAT
TINA'S DEVASTATED.
FRANKLY, THAT'S THE WAY
SHE SHOULD BE FEELING.
SHE'S GRIEVING.
I'M WORRIED
ABOUT YOU, BETTE.
I SEE YOU STEADY
AND STRONG,
LETTING TINA LEAN ON YOU.
HAS IT SUNK IN
FOR YOU YET?
HAVE YOU CRIED?
BELIEVE ME, IT'S SUNK IN.
BUT KAREN ASKED YOU
A SPECIFIC QUESTION.
HAVE YOU CRIED?
I DON'T NEED TO CRY.
I WANT TO SEE SOME EPISODES
OF  INSIGHT.
CAN YOU GET ME SOME TAPES
TOMORROW MORNING?
HEY, TINA.
TINA, HI.
NOW'S THE TIME,
YOU KNOW?
WHEN SOMETHING
TERRIBLE HAPPENS,
AND YOU FEEL YOURSELF
BEING SUCKED
INTO THAT
BLACK PIT OF DESPAIR,
IT'S TIME TO GET
OUTSIDE YOURSELF
AND FORCE YOURSELF
TO DO SOMETHING
FOR PEOPLE
WHO CAN'T EVEN TELL YOU
WHAT DESPAIR IS,
BECAUSE IT'S ALL
THEY'VE EVER KNOWN.
I'LL BE THERE
ALL DAY TOMORROW.
WHAT DID HE WANT?
HE WANTS ME
TO VOLUNTEER.
HMM, MAYBE YOU SHOULD
CHECK IT OUT.
MAYBE IT WOULD BE
GOOD FOR YOU.
YEAH.
DO YOU THINK YOU'RE
GOING TO BE ABLE TO MAKE IT
TO KIT'S SHOW?
BABE, I REALLY DON'T WANT TO.
I TOLD KIT.
SHE UNDERSTANDS.
EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME,
CAN I GET...
THIS IS SO FUNNY.
I HAD GROUP TODAY.
YOU MISS MY ASS?
YOU GUYS HAVE A WHOLE SESSION
TALKING ABOUT HOW YOU FEEL
ABOUT ME GETTING
THE HELL OUT OF THERE?
WELL, WE HAD QUITE A FEW
OTHER THINGS TO TALK ABOUT,
BUT I HAVE TO ADMIT IT'S NOT
AS INTENSE WITHOUT YOU.
WHAT?
DON'T TELL ME THIS IS
THE LAST PLACE ON EARTH
YOU'D EXPECT TO SEE ME.
I JUST NEVER FIGURED YOU
TO BE A KIT PORTER FAN.
SHE'S MY SISTER.
EXCUSE ME.
HEY, HERE YOU GO.
OH, MEET MY EX.
BETTE PORTER, THIS IS,
UH, CANDACE JEWELL.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
DO YOU WANT TO SIT WITH ME
AT MY TABLE?
IT'S JUST ME
AND A COUPLE
OF MY SISTER'S
FRIENDS.
HEY, WHERE'S TINA,
BY THE WAY?
SHE WASN'T FEELING WELL.
HEY...
HEY, BABY SIS.
THIS IS YOLANDA
AND CANDACE.
THIS IS SLIM DADDY.
HI, NICE
TO MEET YOU.
HEY, BEAUTIFUL.
AND NOW,
PLEASE PUT YOUR
HANDS TOGETHER.
TOGETHER, TOGETHER, TOGETHER,
FOR...
KIT PORTER!
WHOO-HOO!
WHOO!
THIS, THIS IS SO COOL.
IT'S OVERWHELMING.
I-I THINK I NEED A DRINK.
I WAS JUST KIDDING,
BABY SISTER.
MY BABY SISTER
IS IN HERE TONIGHT,
AND SHE HAS HELPED ME GO DOWN
THAT STRAIGHT AND NARROW.
IN THE HOUSE TONIGHT
IS SLIM DADDY!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WANT TO SAY,
BUT THERE'S NO ONE
LIKE THIS WOMAN.
KIT PORTER IS A REAL
MOTHERFUCKIN' DIVA.
Y'ALL GO ON,
GIVE IT UP FOR KIT.
[ APPLAUSE ]
I RESPECT
THAT SHE'S YOUR WOMAN.
SHE'S NOT.
YOU MET MY WOMAN.
OH, RIGHT, RIGHT.
WELL, I STILL THINK
THE TWO OF YOU WOULD, UH...
YOU KNOW?
YEAH.
LORD, HAVE MERCY ON ME.
[ SNAPS FINGERS ]
SING THAT SONG, KIT.
♪ HOLD ON TO OUR LOVE ♪
♪ WE CAN ♪
♪ RISE ABOVE ♪
♪ ALL THE THINGS
THAT PEOPLE ♪
♪ SEEM TO THINK THEY KNOW ♪
♪ THEY'RE JUST WORDS ♪
♪ WE SHOULDN'T LISTEN ♪
♪ ANYMORE ♪
♪ HERE IN THE DARK ♪
♪ NOTHING ELSE BUT US ♪
♪ ALL I WANT TO DO
IS THINK OF YOU ♪
♪ AND I ♪
♪ I KNOW THAT
I'LL NEVER SAY ♪
♪ GOOD-BYE ♪
I PASS BY THE CALIFORNIA
ART CENTER EVERY MORNING.
I'M DOING A JOB
RIGHT NEAR THERE.
WHAT KIND OF JOB?
MY PARTNER AND I
ARE DOING THE FINISH CARPENTRY
ON A LOFT IN VENICE
WE'VE BEEN REMODELING.
YOU'RE A CARPENTER?
HEY...
SURE YOU DON'T WANT
TO HANG OUT
WITH US TONIGHT,
BABY SIS?
WE GOT EVERYTHING
FOR EVERYONE WHO NEEDS ANYTHING.
YEAH, I'M SURE.
I'VE GOT
TO GET HOME.
WELL, I GUESS I'LL DREAM
ABOUT THE TWO OF YOU...
BECAUSE I GOT THAT
BASIC INSTINCT
ABOUT YOU.
DON'T YOU
GET MY SISTER
INTO ANY TROUBLE.
I CAN HANDLE IT.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT, WELL...
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
LISTEN, I SHOULD REALLY
GET HOME.
IT WAS NICE
RUNNING INTO YOU.
YEAH.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
YOU SHOULD COME BY
AND CHECK OUT THE MUSEUM
ONE DAY
ON YOUR LUNCH BREAK.
YEAH.
OKAY.
[ FRANCESCA ]:
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
[ SHANE ]: NO,
I'LL GET IT.
[ FRANCESCA ]: THE WAIT
STAFF ARE SO SLOW.
THEY'RE USELESS.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE DOING THAT.
THANK YOU.
IT'S THEIR JOB.
WELL, THEY'RE BUSY.
I'M HELPING THEM.
YOU'RE CODDLING THEM.
WE DIDN'T ORDER--
DID ONE OF YOU ORDER THAT?
IT'S A GIFT FROM ME.
I WANT TO BE IN PARIS
THIS MORNING.
AND I WANT
TO BE IN PROFIT SOME DAY.
IT'S MY TREAT.
ENJOY.
PUT IT ON THE BOOKS.
KATE MOSS,
EAT YOUR HEART OUT!
LOOK AT YOU.
WOW.
YEAH.
IF I DIDN'T KNOW
IT WAS YOU,
I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT
SOMEONE HOT JUST WALKED IN.
SIT DOWN.
I FEEL STUPID.
YOU LOOK
SO SEXY, DANA.
OH, SHUT UP.
REALLY, YOU LIKE THE 'DO?
YEAH, GREAT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ME?
YEAH.
I'M DRINKING COFFEE.
OH, YOU CAN'T
DO THAT.
BETTE AND TINA
WOULD KILL YOU,
RIGHT, SHANE?
BETTE AND TINA
WOULD KILL HER,
BECAUSE SHE'S DR--
I...
AH, FUCK,
I'M SORRY.
ALICE MIGHT
BE PREGNANT.
"MIGHT" BEING THE WORD
I'M CLINGING ONTO.
LOOK, NO, NO, NO.
WE THOUGHT IT WAS
KARMICALLY DESTINED,
BECAUSE BETTE AND TINA
WANTED A BABY SO BADLY.
YOU MEAN, YOU WOULD
HAVE A BABY--
AND BETTE AND TINA WOULD
ADOPT IT, RIGHT, SHANE?
YEAH, BUT--
OH, MY GOD.
HEY, HEY, LOOK,
YOU CAN'T SAY ANYTHING,
BECAUSE THEY
DON'T KNOW AND--
YEAH, AND YOU MIGHT BE
MISREADING THE KARMA
OR SOMETHING.
OH, THE KARMA.
YEAH.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT AN EXTRAORDINARY
GIFT THAT WOULD BE?
YEAH, THEY'RE MAKING
SUPER SURE I KNOW THAT.
NOT JUST TO
BETTE AND TINA,
BUT TO ALL OF US.
THE WHOLE DNA MODEL OF FAMILY
IS BEING REINVENTED.
WE'RE MAKING A NEW WORLD
THAT REFLECTS
THE WAY WE LOVE
AND MAKE RELATIONSHIPS AND--
I'D LIKE TO SEE THAT
REFLECTED SOMEWHERE.
WHAT?
UM...
I'M GONNA TAKE CARE
OF THIS TODAY, OKAY?
OH, IT'S MINE!
HEY, NO, NO, NO,
I HAVE A TAB TO PAY.
I'M PAYING IT.
I'M GONNA GO CHECK OUT
THIS RAW SPACE
WITH STEVE JAFFE,
BECAUSE...
YEAH?
YEAH, HE'S
TALKING ABOUT
OPENING UP
MY OWN SALON.
NO WAY!
YOU GOING TO CALL IT "SHANE",
SHANE?
YEAH, I'M GOING TO GO.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
BYE.
HEY, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
YES.
BYE.
HEY, THERE'S A LINE
AT THE COUNTER.
MARINA...
THERE'S A LINE.
THERE SEEMS TO BE
A COMMUNICATION
BREAKDOWN.
SHANE?
YEAH?
HOLD UP.
I'LL SEE
YOU GUYS LATER.
I GOT TO GO,
AND THANK YOU FOR
ALL THE CROISSANTS
AND THE COFFEE
I COULDN'T DRINK.
AREN'T YOU LATE
FOR SOMETHING?
BYE.
YES.
UH, WAIT FOR ME!
THANK YOU.
BYE. YOU LOOK GREAT.
BYE, THANKS.
YOU LOOK REALLY GOOD.
IS THERE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO SAY?
NO.
YOU PICK
A FIGHT WITH ME
IN FRONT OF THESE PEOPLE,
AND THEN YOU MAKE LIKE YOU'RE--
YOU'RE HURT,
OR VICTIMIZED.
YOU WANT SOMEONE
TO COME TO YOUR RESCUE?
MAYBE.
WHO, MARINA?
I ALREADY RESCUED YOU.
REMEMBER?
HEY.
COME ON,
WE'LL TAKE THE JAG.
ALL RIGHT.
HOPE YOU DON'T MIND,
WE'RE GOING TO DROP
MY DAUGHTER ON THIRD STREET
SO SHE CAN KILL A COUPLE HUNDRED
OF MY HARD-EARNED BUCKS
ON AN OUTFIT THAT
LOOKS LIKE IT CAME
FROM THE SALVATION ARMY
REJECT BIN.
OH...
THAT'S FINE.
I WAS HOPING
YOU MIGHT
HANG OUT WITH CLEA
FOR A WHILE.
JUST SOMETHING.
WELL...
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE--
SHE QUIT COLLEGE
AFTER SIX MONTHS.
SHE'S FLAILING.
I THOUGHT MAYBE
YOU COULD SPEND
A LITTLE TIME
WITH HER TODAY.
SHE MIGHT
OPEN UP TO YOU.
JUST AN INSTINCT
I HAVE.
I DON'T KNOW,
STEVE, IT'S--
I WOULD CONSIDER IT
A FAVOR.
OH, YEAH,
ABSOLUTELY.
YES, NO, I'VE CHECKED THAT.
I'M CHECKING IT TWICE
RIGHT NOW, ACTUALLY.
YOU'VE TOLD HIM THAT WE'RE
A NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION?
IT'S A TAX WRITE-OFF?
WELL, THEN, YOU SHOULD
LET HIM KNOW THAT WE...
WE'RE WAITING FOR HIM.
WE GOT A GRANT
TO HIRE A LAW FIRM.
SO NOW, MORE THAN 50,000
L.A. GARMENT INDUSTRY WORKERS
HAVE HEALTH BENEFITS
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER.
THAT WAS OUR BIGGEST PROJECT.
MOSTLY, WE DEAL WITH VERY
HUMAN-SCALE STUFF, YOU KNOW.
HEY, I WANTED
TO TELL YOU...
WE ALSO HAVE A GAY
AND LESBIAN ALLIANCE.
I DON'T KNOW
IF THAT'S SOMETHING
YOU'D BE INTERESTED
IN, OR--
UM, I THINK I'D LIKE
TO DO SOMETHING...
WITH KIDS,
UNDERPRIVILEGED
OR AT-RISK CHILDREN.
OKAY.
YEAH.
OYE,  ESAI.
COMO ESTA?
BIEN.
ESAI HERE IS WORKING
WITH THESE GUYS
TO BRING DOWN
CLAY PATTERSON.
HE'S THE TELEVANGELIST
WHOSE REFINERY
IS GIVING CANCER
TO HUNDREDS OF KIDS
IN THE SOUTH L.A. HOOD.
OH, HE'S A BASTARD.
HE GETS AROUND
EVERY COURT INJUNCTION.
SOME CHRISTIAN, HUH?
HAVE YOU EVER
COME ACROSS A WOMAN
NAMED FAE BUCKLEY?
BEN COUGHLIN
JUST RESIGNED FROM OUR BOARD.
YOU'RE KIDDING.
YESTERDAY IN THE MAIL,
HE GOT 62 INDIVIDUAL LETTERS
WITH HIS COMPANY CREDIT CARD
CHOPPED IN PIECES--
FROM PEOPLE WHO DON'T WANT
TO BUY OFFICE SUPPLIES
FROM A BLASPHEMING
PORNOGRAPHER.
SHALL WE GET BACK TO WORK?
"ORGANS OF DEAD
ANIMALS DECOMPOSING,
"A MAN STRANGLING
HIMSELF
"WHILE
MASTURBATING--
YOU CALL THAT ART,
MS. PORTER?"
THOSE ARE INFLAMMATORY
DESCRIPTIONS, MS. BUCKLEY,
OF BUT A FEW
WORKS OF ART
IN A MUCH LARGER
EXHIBITION.
YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T
ANSWER THE QUESTION.
WHAT MAKES THAT ART?
[ CELL PHONE RINGING ]
EXCUSE ME.
I'M SORRY,
I HAVE TO TAKE IT.
IT'S TINA.
SHE'S BEEN HAVING
A ROUGH TIME.
BABY, ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I'M WITH OSCAR.
OSCAR ALVAREZ.
I'M RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF--
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BELIEVE
WHAT HE DOES HERE.
YOU HAVE TO COME BY.
HEY.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING TO BELIEVE
WHAT WE FOUND
ON FAE BUCKLEY.
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'VE BEEN DOING?
FAE BUCKLEY RESEARCH?
YEAH. DO YOU KNOW
SHE WAS ONE
OF THE MAIN PEOPLE
RESPONSIBLE
FOR GETTING
THAT TEACHER FIRED
AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MISSOURI?
YEAH, THEY TRUMPED UP
CHILD PORN CHARGES
BASED ON PICTURES
OF HER THREE-YEAR-OLD
PLAYING NAKED
ON THE BEACH.
I'VE BEEN DOING THIS
ALL DAY, TINA.
I MEAN, I'VE HAD OUR
HIGHLY-PAID P.R. FIRM
WORKING WITH ME.
MY PEOPLE
AREN'T SLOUCHES.
LOOK, THIS IS WHAT
OSCAR DOES, OKAY?
JUST LISTEN.
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
I THOUGHT
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
ABOUT TINA FINDING
SOMETHING OF HER OWN.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE ABOUT HELPING TINA
GET OUT OF
A BAD DEPRESSION.
YOU'VE GOT
TO LOOK AT THIS.
I THINK YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE
MIGHT FIND THIS
PRETTY INTERESTING.
HEY...
CLEA'LL BE RIGHT OUT.
NOW, I WANT YOU TO KNOW,
I WILL NOT FORGET THIS.
NOW, CHERIE IS PLANNING
THIS BIG MOTHER-DAUGHTER TRIP
TO PARIS,
AND YOU SHOULD HEAR HER
MAKING ALL THESE
ARRANGEMENTS.
SOUNDS LIKE
SHE'S PLANNING
THE CAMP DAVID
SUMMIT.
NOW, CLEA DOESN'T WANT GO.
SEE IF YOU CAN'T
CHANGE HER MIND.
HAVE A GOOD TIME,
SWEETHEART.
LOOK, I KNOW
THIS IS LAME,
BUT YOUR FATHER ASKED ME
TO DO THIS, OKAY?
CRAP.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
THIS SHOULD BE
PRETTY EASY.
MM-HMM.
SHIT! FUCK ME!
SORRY.
[ LAUGHS ]
NICE WORK.
CAN I GO AGAIN?
YEAH.
MAN, I HAVEN'T
PLAYED THIS GAME
SINCE I WAS, LIKE,
SEVEN YEARS OLD.
NO?
NO.
I NEVER DID THIS
AS A KID.
WHAT, YOUR PARENTS
NEVER TOOK YOU?
NO, THEY WEREN'T AROUND.
BUT I MET MY MOM ONCE.
WOW, YOU DIDN'T
LIVE WITH HER?
NO.
WOW.
CAN I, UH,
CAN I SHOW YOU
SOMETHING?
DO YOU MIND?
SURE.
MAY I SHOW YOU
SOMETHING?
SURE.
BEFORE YOU HIT
THE BALL...
YEAH.
IF YOU TRY
BOUNCING A FEW TIMES.
BOUNCE?
YEAH, WELL...
OKAY.
YOU WANT TO TRY IT?
SURE.
OKAY, READY?
YEAH.
ONE, TWO THREE.
AH, WELL.
JUST ABOUT.
NICE, NICE THOUGH.
YEAH, IT WAS A GREAT
TECHNIQUE, THOUGH.
IT'S ALMOST THERE.
SMART-ASS.
AH, WELL.
SHUT UP.
"HERE CUMS THE PRINCIPAL"?
C-U-M-S.
WHAT IS THIS?
OKAY, HANG ON,
HANG ON...
JUST, JESUS,
JUST TURN IT OFF.
I MEAN, REALLY,
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO TELL ME?
THAT FAE BUCKLEY
PRODUCES PORNO VIDEOS?
NO, NO, NO, NO--
THERE. SEE THAT GIRL
RIGHT THERE?
SHE'S 17.
SHE RAN AWAY FROM HOME
WHEN SHE WAS 14.
APPARENTLY, HER FATHER WAS
ABUSING THE HELL OUT OF HER,
AND HER MOTHER COULDN'T
OR WOULDN'T STOP HIM.
CHILD SERVICES REPORT
WE PULLED
HAS ALL THE GORY DETAILS,
BUT HER PORN-STAR NAME
IS CHINA,
HER GIVEN NAME
IS CORA BUCKLEY.
I KNOW THEY KNOW
THAT I'M GAY,
I JUST REALLY
DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT
WITH THEM.
AH, THEY'RE
SUCH PERVS.
WHY ARE THEY PERVS?
WELL, THEY HAVE
THIS CABINET
THAT THEY NORMALLY
KEEP LOCKED
IN THE MEDIA ROOM.
ANYWAY, ONE NIGHT
THEY GOT DRUNK
AND LEFT SOME
STUFF OUT,
AND CONSUELA WAS CLEANING
THE NEXT DAY
AND JUST HAPPENED TO
PUSH PLAY ON THE VCR,
AND UP POPS MY MOM,
BUCK NAKED, OKAY,
RIDING MY DAD,
WHIPPING HIM
WITH A SWITCH.
[ CHUCKLING ]
IT WAS PRETTY GROSS.
YOU KNOW, BUT
YOU'VE GOT TO--
YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE IT
TO YOUR FOLKS, I MEAN,
THEY WANT TO KEEP
THEIR LIFE INTERESTING...
AND THEY STILL
WANT TO GET IT ON.
GOD.
YOU KNOW, I'VE
NEVER MET ANYONE
LIKE YOU BEFORE.
WELL, THAT'S--
THAT'S NOT NECESSARILY
A VERY GOOD THING.
TELL ME MORE ABOUT
YOUR PARENTS.
LIKE, HOW COME YOU
DIDN'T LIVE WITH THEM?
NO. NO.
NO, I...
NO, I CAN'T DO THAT.
IT'S NOT RIGHT.
WHY?
BECAUSE THAT'S NOT
WHAT YOUR DAD HAD IN MIND
WHEN HE ASKED ME
TO HANG OUT WITH YOU.
GOD, I DON'T CARE.
CLEA...
I'M INVOLVED
IN A FEW THINGS THAT I...
I--I JUST--
I DON'T WANT...
OH, LIKE DRUGS?
WHAT?
YEAH, THAT'S
PART OF IT.
WHAT IF IT'S
NOT TRUE?
NO, WE GOT AHOLD
OF THE POLICE RECORDS,
AND THE MISSING PERSONS
REPORT.
WE HAVE EVIDENCE OF FAE
PAYING OFF
A DISTRICT COURT JUDGE
TO EXPUNGE THE RECORD.
WELL, THEN WHY HAS IT
NEVER COME OUT?
BECAUSE OUR PEOPLE DON'T KNOW
HOW TO PLAY THIS GAME.
WE'RE PROGRESSIVES,
AND WE'RE ACCUSED
OF BEING MORALLY BANKRUPT.
THEY HAVE SO MANY FUCKING
SKELETONS IN THEIR CLOSETS,
AND WE DON'T TOUCH THEM.
WE TAKE THE HIGH ROAD,
WE WIND UP IN THE DITCH.
WE LEAVE OUR DIRTY LAUNDRY
HANGING OUT ALL OVER THE PLACE,
BECAUSE WE'RE NOT
SO ASHAMED OF IT.
THEY GRAB IT,
AND THEY WAVE IT AROUND,
THEY MAKE US LOOK
LIKE PERVERTS.
WE HAVE TO GET
INTO THEIR CLOSETS.
WE CAN NOT AFFORD TO KEEP ON
BEING SO HIGH-MINDED,
BECAUSE WE'RE
GETTING KILLED.
♪ DRIVING INTO THE SUN ♪
♪ OF OUR NEWFOUND DESPAIR ♪
HEY.
HI!
DANA, RIGHT?
JENNY.
ARE YOU ALONE?
YEAH.
CAN I SIT WITH YOU?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
COME ON.
HERE, SIT.
I'VE NEVER DONE THIS BEFORE.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN
TO A BAR BEFORE?
NO, A WOMEN'S BAR...
BY MYSELF.
OH. ME NEITHER.
OH, YEAH?
YEAH.
WELL, ALICE WAS SUPPOSED
TO COME WITH ME,
BUT HER BOYFRIEND CALLED,
SO...
ALICE IS BISEXUAL?
YEAH.
THIS IS LIKE SOMETHING
OUT OF THE 1950s.
IT'S SO BUTCH AND FEMME.
I KNOW.
YEAH.
WELL, IT'S THE OLDEST
LESBIAN BAR IN L.A.
ACTUALLY, IT PROBABLY
HASN'T CHANGED SINCE THE '50s...
BUT, REALLY, IT'S NO DIFFERENT
THAN ANY OTHER CLUB,
YOU KNOW,
I MEAN,
YOU HAVE A FEW DRINKS,
YOU KNOW,
TALK TO A FEW PEOPLE YOU HAVE
NOTHING IN COMMON WITH,
REALIZE HOW UNLIKELY IT IS
YOU'LL EVER MEET ANYONE
WHO'S RIGHT FOR YOU AGAIN.
SO YOU HAVE MET SOMEONE
THAT'S RIGHT FOR YOU?
WE BROKE UP.
IT'S MESSY.
I KNOW THAT.
NO, NO, NO,
IT'S NO PROBLEM.
YEAH.
IT'S FINE.
IT'S SMALL.
THERE AREN'T, UH,
TOO MANY PLACES TO SIT.
OH, SORRY.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
SO YOU'RE
A TENNIS PLAYER?
MM-HMM.
WHAT'S THAT LIKE?
I TRAIN A LOT.
WOW, THAT'S REALLY
INTERESTING.
I GO ON TOUR.
OH, WOW.
YEAH.
I DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO DRINK.
DO YOU WANT JUICE?
SURE.
OKAY.
SO THIS IS WHERE YOU WRITE?
YEAH, YEAH, I, UH...
I PRETTY MUCH DO EVERYTHING
IN HERE, AS YOU CAN SEE.
IT USED TO BE
MY WRITING STUDIO,
BUT, YOU KNOW, AFTER
THAT THING WITH TIM AND I...
OH, RIGHT. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
MM-HMM.
SO HE'S LETTING ME
STAY HERE, SO FAR...
AND I PAY HIM RENT,
WHICH IS
KIND OF WEIRD.
YEAH. YEAH.
♪ IT'S SO AWKWARD ♪
♪ TO BE NEAR YOU ♪
♪ ON THIS TRAGIC KIND OF DAY ♪
♪ ALL OF THE PLAYERS ♪
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
♪ THAT NEVER WILL PLACE ♪
OH, GOSH.
OH, SH--I'M SO SORRY.
OH, NO, NO--
OH, GOD.
NO, NO, NO. GOSH.
GIVE THEM TO ME,
I'LL GET THEM
DRY CLEANED.
NO, NO, IT'S OKAY--
I'M JUST--
I KNOW THERE'S WORSE STUFF
ON IT THAN THAT.
OH...
♪ ALL OF THE RUNNERS ♪
OKAY.
♪ THAT NEVER
FINISH THE RACE ♪
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
♪ WORDS NEVER SPOKEN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE THERE
WAS NO GRACE ♪
HERE...
♪ TAKE MY LOVER ♪
OOF!
UM...
OKAY, JUST, UM...
OH!
OH, GOD.
OKAY.
OOF! DAMN!
OH, SORRY.
DID THAT HURT?
NO, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
AH, HERE.
OKAY. UM, YOU KNOW,
WHY DON'T, UH...
WHAT? IS THIS
NO GOOD?
YEAH, WHY DON'T YOU
GET ON TOP?
OKAY, HERE, HERE.
OOH...
HERE.
OW!
THAT'S OKAY.
♪ ON THIS TRAGIC
KIND OF DAY ♪
THIS IS A REALLY
BAD IDEA...
ISN'T IT?
IT'S REALLY BAD.
MAYBE WE SHOULD STOP
BEFORE IT GETS
TOO GRIM.
I THINK SO.
♪ ALL OF THE FEELINGS ♪
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
YEAH.
[sighs]
MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST BE FRIENDS
OR SOMETHING--
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
I'LL JUST GRAB THIS.
OKAY.
OH, GOD...
I AM SO P.M.S.
IT'S GOOD TO GET
OFF MY FEET.
I HAVE SO MANY
FUNCTIONS THIS MONTH.
STEVE AND I
ARE THE CO-CHAIRS
OF THE "I HAVE A DREAM" GALA--
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
I'VE BEEN DYING TO GET THESE
CHROME HEARTS MOTORCYCLE BOOTS.
THEY WOULD LOOK
AMAZING ON YOU.
LOOK, BABY,
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU--
HOLD THAT THOUGHT.
NO...
I CAN'T.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS,
TRY IT ON.
I CAN'T.
LOOK, CHERIE,
IF I'M GOING TO DO BUSINESS
WITH YOU
AND YOUR HUSBAND,
I'M NOT GETTING
INVOLVED IN YOUR MARRIAGE.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE NOT TRYING
TO BREAK UP WITH ME, ARE YOU?
BECAUSE THAT
WOULD BE...
A VERY,
VERY BAD THING TO DO.
DO YOU LIKE
FUCKING ME, SHANE?
I LOVE IT.
STEVE WILL NEVER FIND OUT.
I'M NOT WEARING
ANY UNDERWEAR.
I KNOW.
I CAN SEE THAT.
[ GIGGLING ]
YOU'RE CRAZY.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
UH, DOES IT LACK...
OKAY, OKAY,
DOES IT LACK...
OH, DOES IT LACK
SERIOUS LITERARY,
ARTISTIC, POLITICAL,
OR SCIENTIFIC VALUE?
GOOD.
INSIGHT'S  JUST DOWN
HERE ON STAGE FOUR.
NOW, WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO
WHEN SHE BAITS YOU?
"SO MISS PORTER,
WHY ARE YOU
SUCH AN ANGRY LESBIAN?"
MS. BUCKLEY,
WHY ARE YOU
SUCH A LYING,
SCHEMING BIGOT?
OKAY, SORRY.
MS. BUCKLEY,
I DON'T DENY
I AM A LESBIAN,
AND IT MAKES ME ANGRY
WHEN PEOPLE WHO
HAVEN'T TAKEN THE TIME
TO SEE THE WORK
DISTORT AND
MISREPRESENT IT
TO THE PUBLIC
AND TO THE MEDIA.
IS THAT BETTER?
IT'S A LITTLE
COMBATIVE,
BUT IT'S GOOD.
OKAY, WAIT.
WHAT ELSE ARE
WE FORGETTING?
WHAT ELSE ARE WE
FORGETTING?
OKAY, WE DID
CRITICAL THINKING,
FIRST AMENDMENT,
CENSORSHIP
IN AMERICA.
THERE'S THE KUROSAWA
QUOTE.
WHAT IS THE KUROSAWA
QUOTE?
OKAY, "NEVER
AVERT YOUR EYES--"
BABY, YOU ARE
SO PREPARED.
JUST RELAX.
TAKE A DEEP BREATH.
OKAY?
YOU'RE GOING TO BE GREAT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR BEING HERE WITH ME.
I KNOW HOW HARD IT IS
FOR YOU RIGHT NOW
JUST TO GET OUT OF BED
IN THE MORNING.
I'M GOING
TO BE OKAY.
I KNOW.
LET'S DO THIS IN
FRONT OF FAE BUCKLEY.
I'M THERE.
OKAY.
[ LAUGHTER AND SPLASHING ]
TIM, NO!
COME ON.
I'M GOING TO GET YOU
WITH THIS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
BE NICE!
COME ON.
JESUS CHRIST, IT WAS
HARD ENOUGH FINDING THIS--
BETTE!
I AM SO GLAD
TO SEE YOU.
I HAVE REALLY BEEN
LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS.
[sighs]
YES, SO HAVE I.
GOOD, I SEE YOU'VE MET.
BETTE PORTER.
WELCOME TO THE SHOW.
HI.
NICE TO HAVE YOU
AGAIN.
OH, I'M SO
GLAD TO BE HERE.
DARLA WILL BE OUT
IN A FEW MINUTES
TO TAKE YOU BOTH
TO MAKEUP.
I'LL SEE YOU ON SET.
IT MUST BE HARD
FOR MAKEUP PEOPLE
TO FIND YOUR COLOR.
IT'S SO IN-BETWEEN.
I GUESS DARLA
WILL HAVE TO MIX.
WHAT DID SHE MEAN BY THAT?
SHE WAS
LETTING YOU KNOW
THAT SHE KNOWS PERSONAL
DETAILS ABOUT YOU.
SHE KNOWS
YOU'RE HALF BLACK.
IS THAT A CRIME NOW?
NO, SHE WAS TRYING
TO PSYCHE YOU OUT.
I CAN SEE
THAT IT WORKED.
LOOK, BETTE...
THE BOARD
IS FINE WITH IT,
I'M FINE WITH IT
IF YOU WANT TO USE
THAT VIDEO.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
YEAH, THAT WAS REALLY GOOD.
THANK YOU.
WAIT A SECOND.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
PROMISE.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
HELLO?
HI.
OKAY, TIM,
WE NEED TO TALK.
CAN'T IT WAIT?
NO, NO, NO.
IT CAN'T WAIT,
BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT?
EVERY MINUTE THAT GOES BY,
YOU'RE GOING TO GET INTO DEEPER
AND DEEPER TROUBLE.
YOU KNOW YOU SHOULDN'T
BE DATING A STUDENT.
LOOK, JENNY,
IT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
I KNOW IT'S NONE
OF MY BUSINESS, OKAY?
BUT WHAT IF RANDY
WERE TO FIND OUT, TIM?
TIM...
[ ATTEMPTING TO OPEN
LOCKED DOOR ]
COME ON,
OPEN THE DOOR.
COME ON!
IF RANDY WERE TO WHAT, HMM?
CAN YOU
COME IN, PLEASE?
DON'T.
I'M NOT GOING TO DO THIS
IN FRONT OF HER, OKAY?
JENNY,
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT.
STAY OUT OF MY LIFE.
NO.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO,
JENNY, HUH?
ARE YOU GONNA
FUCKING REPORT ME?
FUCK YOU.
YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY
THAT FUCKING TREACHEROUS.
I HAVE WITH ME BETTE PORTER,
THE DIRECTOR
OF THE CALIFORNIA ART CENTER,
THE MUSEUM
THAT IS MOUNTING
THE CONTROVERSIAL
ART EXHIBITION,
PROVOCATIONS,
AND FAE BUCKLEY
OF THE COALITION
OF CONCERNED CITIZENS,
THE GROUP THAT IS
LEADING THE EFFORTS
TO SHUT DOWN
THE EXHIBITION--
SHE NEEDS TO LOOSEN UP.
SHE SHOULD SMILE.
EVERY TIME SOMETHING
DOESN'T GO THEIR WAY,
THEY CRY FASCISM.
AND I'M SORRY
THIS HAD TO HAPPEN
IN FRONT OF YOU,
BUT IF YOU REALLY CARE
ABOUT HIM,
YOU'RE GOING TO BACK OFF,
OKAY?
LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING, JENNY.
NOBODY IN THEIR RIGHT MINDS
WOULD BELIEVE FOR A SECOND
THAT YOU GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENS TO ME.
ARE YOU, IN FACT,
BETRAYING
THE PUBLIC TRUST?
ON THE CONTRARY, GEORGE,
I'M TRUSTING THE PUBLIC.
I MEAN, WHAT GIVES ME
THE RIGHT
TO DECIDE WHAT YOU CAN
AND CAN'T SEE?
I'M NO MORE ENTITLED
THAN MS. BUCKLEY IS
TO DECIDE FOR YOU
WHAT'S GOING TO UPLIFT
AND ENLIGHTEN YOU.
OH, THERE SHE GOES AGAIN
WITH THAT LIBERAL
DUCK AND PARRY.
IT'S JUST PLAIN BAD FAITH
TO PROMOTE AN AGENDA
THE WAY THIS ART SHOW DOES
AND THEN CLAIM
NO RESPONSIBILITY
FOR THE IMMORAL BEHAVIOR
IT ENCOURAGES.
ART IS MEANT TO BE
PERCEIVED AND INTERPRETED.
IT DOESN'T INTRINSICALLY
ADVOCATE BEHAVIOR.
HOW CAN YOU SAY
YOU'RE NOT ADVOCATING BEHAVIOR?
YOUR WHOLE PURPOSE IS TO MAKE
THAT LIFESTYLE APPEAR NORMAL
SO THAT MORE PEOPLE
WILL WANT TO TRY IT.
IF I WERE TRYING TO CONVERT
PEOPLE TO MY LIFESTYLE,
AS YOU SEEM TO BE IMPLYING,
MS. BUCKLEY,
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I'D DO IT
BY USING IMAGES OF
A MAN FLAYING HIMSELF
AND TRUSSING UP
HIS TESTICLES?
THAT PIECE MAKES ME
SO UNCOMFORTABLE
I CAN BARELY LOOK AT IT.
I DON'T THINK IT'S GONNA
MAKE ANYONE
WANT TO BECOME A LESBIAN.
WHERE IS
THE ACCOUNTABILITY?
SOMEBODY HAS GOT TO--
I OPENED
THE '97 BRUNELLO.
IS THAT THE CAPARZO
OR THE CASTELGIOCONDO?
WELL, IF IT'S
TOO EXPENSIVE,
I CAN ALWAYS
PAWN MY WATCH.
DON'T BE PETULANT,
MARINA.
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU
WANT ME TO REMEMBER YOU
WHEN I'M DECIDING
WHO TO TAKE
TO ANTIGUA
WHEN I WRAP.
MORAL AMERICANS AREN'T
RESPONSIBLE ENOUGH
TO DECIDE FOR THEMSELVES
WHETHER TO GO SEE AN ART SHOW
THEY MIGHT FIND
OBJECTIONABLE.
WHAT ABOUT THAT, FAE?
ARE YOU CONTRADICTING YOURSELF?
MS. PORTER'S A VERY PROPER
WOMAN, AREN'T YOU, MS. PORTER?
SHE THINKS
SHE'S CLEVER ENOUGH
TO TRICK
THE REST OF US
INTO BELIEVING
THAT FILTH ISN'T FILTH,
BLASPHEMY
ISN'T BLASPHEMY,
PORNOGRAPHY
IS NOT PORNOGRAPHY,
BUT THE STUFF
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF,
AND HOWEVER HARD
SHE TRIES TO DEFEND IT
WITH HER
FANCY LANGUAGE
AND HER
INSULTING LOGIC,
ALL IT IS
IS SHEER, DISGUSTING,
FILTHY, UGLY PORNOGRAPHY.
SHE IS A PORNOGRAPHER.
I...
I UNDERSTAND WHY MS. BUCKLEY
IS SO SICKENED
BY THE PORN INDUSTRY.
I DO.
I MEAN,
IT'S BRUTAL,
ESPECIALLY FOR
THE POOR CHILDREN
AND TEENAGE GIRLS
WHO GET LURED IN AND EXPLOITED,
ALL BECAUSE THEY WERE
RUNNING AWAY FROM SOMETHING.
THOSE CHILDREN LACKED LOVE.
THEY WERE ABUSED.
I MEAN,
HOW AWFUL IT MUST BE
TO COME FROM A HOME LIFE
SO DESPERATE.
THERE IS A WORLD OF DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN COMPLEX, PROVOCATIVE ART
AND THE TRAGEDY
OF THE PORN INDUSTRY.
[ INTERVIEWER ]:
MAY I ASK WHAT'S IN THE BOX?
DOES IT SOMEHOW RELATE
TO OUR DISCUSSION?
[ FAE ]: DO YOU BELIEVE
IN GOD, BETTE?
[ BETTE ]: I DON'T SEE
WHAT THAT--
[ FAE ]: BECAUSE IF YOU DID,
THIS WOULDN'T BE COMPLEX.
YOU SEE, GOD HAS ALREADY
DONE THE WORK
OF SORTING THROUGH
ALL OF THIS FOR US.
FAITH MAKES
SEEMINGLY COMPLEX THINGS
SIMPLE AND OBVIOUS--
GOD IS ABOUT
THE MOST COMP--
THE BIBLE CONDEMNS
HOMOSEXUALITY.
THAT'S WHY GOD
TOOK YOUR UNBORN CHILD
FROM YOUR
LESBIAN LOVER,
AND THAT
WAS A BLESSING.
THAT BABY IS WITH HIM NOW,
SO HE DOESN'T HAVE TO SUFFER
THE DEGRADATION
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN
SUBJECT TO
HAD HE BEEN BORN
INTO YOUR DEPRAVED LIFE!
[ CRYING ]
MONSTER.
♪ IN A LONG FORGOTTEN
BOOK I READ ♪
♪ SOMETHING
THAT AUGUSTINE SAID ♪
♪ IN HIS DEEPEST WOUND ♪
♪ HE FOUND GOD'S GLORY ♪
♪ BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT I'M TOO SICK ♪
♪ TO CONJURE UP
THAT MAGIC TRICK ♪
♪ CAN I WRITE MYSELF
INTO THAT STORY ♪
MONSTER.
♪ KYRIE ♪
♪ ELEISON ♪
♪ ONCE HAD FAITH ♪
♪ NOW IT'S GONE ♪
♪ KYRIE ♪
♪ ELEISON ♪
♪ I CUT MYSELF WITH STONES
AND CRY ♪
♪ PRETEND I'M NOT ALONE ♪
♪ WHEN I FEAR
THAT ALL ALONG ♪
♪ IT'S ONLY ME ♪
♪ KYRIE ♪
♪ DO YOU CARE? ♪
♪ ELEISON ♪
[ CAT MEOWS ]
[ CAT PURRS ]